doc: update documentation and definitions files (#154)
dashevo/wallet-lib: docs/develop/logging.md

## Logging

> Wallet-lib will log multiples events happening which might help you to debug, or getting a better understanding at what is happening internally. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wallet-lib will log multiple events happening which might help you to debug, or get a better understanding at what is happening internally. 
```

### Log levels 

> Theses are the different level used internally sorted from the less verbose to the most.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the different levels used internally sorted from the least verbose to the most.
```
